To Members of the Admissions Committee:

I am writing to convey my strong interest in the Placement Programmee at MBU. I am confident that my solid grounding in blockchain technology and web technologies , fervour for decentralized systems and aspiration to broaden the horizons of knowledge can be sufficiently utilized as a part of your illustrious program.

Background and Experience

1. Academic Foundation:

I have a B-tech degree in CSE-IOT from the MBU, with particular emphasis on computer science and programming. In cryptography in my distributed systems and web tech and also 3D models or  Third Web ,coursework I got enough exposure to theoretical roots that it would be very easy for me moving along blockchain tech(pub key encoding, signing etc).

2. Practical Experience:

I have experience with creating smart contracts using Solidity, Building Decentralized Applications (dApps), Building the Next js Project with Express and Mongo DB frameworks and working on blockchain platforms like Ethereum & Binance Smart Chain. In particular, me Build a NFT Market place and Dapp Voting System as well as Crowdfunding.

Why MBU?

Placement Programme at MBU, which lays significant stress on hands-on and real-life exposure. This program is known for promoting creativity and innovation, as well as concentrating on state of the art technologies which in fits perfectly with what I want from my career. I am looking forward to working on its various projects and helping it succeed, as well as broadening my experience.

Future Goals

I want to use my improved skill in blockchain technology and web development for the industry after Placement Programme. I want to build cutting-edge blockchain solutions, work on high-impact projects and help shape the future of decentralized technologies.

Thanks for taking my application under consideration. I am excited to speak about how my history, aptitudes and enthusiasm connects with the goals of MBU Placement Programme.

Sincerly,
MK VEERENDRA VAMSHI